Add CHANGELOG for v0.21 (#133)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.21 [2023-05-11]

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed inline query of `ebs_snapshot_max_age` control by adding the correct table name. ([#129](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/129))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the inline query of `ebs_snapshot_max_age` control to correctly query `aws_ebs_snapshot` table instead of `aws_secretsmanager_secret` table. ([#129](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/129))
```

> - Fixed inline query of `ebs_snapshot_max_age` control by adding the correct table name. ([#129](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/129))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the inline query of `ebs_snapshot_max_age` control to correctly query `aws_ebs_snapshot` table instead of `aws_secretsmanager_secret` table. ([#129](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/129))
```
